the focus is always got to be about high
quality science so it's all about
continuing to publish insightful high
quality review articles such as tons
reviews publishing the results of a
rigorous peer reviewed in I guess
insightful primary research papers and
also these other areas that we refer to
us as I guess forum articles for example
these these are areas where it's an
opportunity to discuss up-and-coming
fields sometimes a little bit
provocative new phytologist will publish
papers from DNA all the way up to
ecosystems and this is something really
which our competitors at least a present
don't really do so I think it gives us
the chance to take if you like the
overview I'd like to see as developer in
publishing chance what we call the sort
of them the front material in the
journal and that means users an
opportunity to publish more articles
which I think will be of interest to the
broader plant science community so
perhaps more opinion pieces i started
off under another took up as a peter
airs and he very kindly gave me the job
of being tansley review editor which is
this wonderful job because it means that
you're associated with I commissioning
these wonderful times review that we
publish a new phytologist and that means
interacting with you with the the
author's themselves and of course one is
involved in a production of these things
so I did that for many many years and
I've no pasta over to Russell Liam Dolan
of the University of Oxford who's who
really is taking it forward in a really
exciting way so that's great and then I
became an editor at sudden were standard
editor and then of course then more
recently I guess the last start of this
month I've become the editor in chief
taking over from Professor Ian good word
developments in publishing itself will
mean that the face of a jungle will
inevitably change so is this whole area
of what's called content enrichment
which is something which are publishers
well they black you are developing at
the minute and this is going to be all
about
increasing I think the usefulness of the
published paper so that's when one reads
the paper having very easy to follow
links it take you to data sets to you to
explanatory sections take you to novel
image banks this sort of stuff this is
very much the future and I'm very keen
that we stay absolutely the cutting edge
of this and we explore all the
possibilities so there is a little bit
of exploration little bit of cutting
edge stuff which will be fun for
everybody help
you